Column changes notification (#1152)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/dashboard-guides/notifications.mdx

| Warning          | Customer actions                    |
| :--------------| :-----------------------------|
| You're reaching the column limit in your `<table_name>` table. | Use any of the following approaches: <br /> <ul><li>Go to your warehouse and delete (drop) the unwanted table columns. </li> <li>If you're syncing semi-structured event data that is not defined by a fixed schema, you can leverage RudderStack's <Link to="/destinations/warehouse-destinations/json-column-support/">JSON Column Support</Link> feature to send your data.</li></ul> <br />For more information, refer to the <Link to="/destinations/warehouse-destinations/faq/#how-can-i-handle-the-column-count-threshold-in-my-warehouse">Warehouse FAQ</Link> guide. |

> | Warehouse column names are not matching the destination views as the views are outdated. Recreate your views so that they point to the latest column names and then drop the older columns. Please use the queries in the documentation to drop the columns. | Your deprecated columns will be of the format `<column-name>-deprecated-<uuid>`. Follow these steps: <br /> <ol><li>Find the `<table>` and the `<column>` by querying your metadata tables. Ignore the columns having this format already. For example, in case of Redshift, your query will something like: <br /><br /> `select table_name, column_name from INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS where table_schema = '<schema>' and column_name like '%-deprecated-%';` </li><br /><li>Once you find the `<table>` and the `<column>`, drop the columns. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `ALTER TABLE <table> DROP COLUMN "<column>" CASCADE;` </li><br /><li>Finally, recreate your views again. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `CREATE VIEW <table-view> AS SELECT * FROM <table>;` </li></ol>  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Warehouse column names are not matching the destination views as the views are outdated. Recreate your views so that they point to the latest column names and then drop the older columns. Please use the queries in the documentation to drop the columns. | Your deprecated columns will be of the format `<column-name>-deprecated-<uuid>`. Follow these steps: <br /> <ol><li>Find the `<table>` and the `<column>` by querying your metadata tables. Ignore the columns having this format already. For example, in case of Redshift, your query will something like: <br /><br /> `select table_name, column_name from INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS where table_schema = '<schema>' and column_name like '%-deprecated-%';` </li><br /><li>Once you find the `<table>` and the `<column>`, drop the columns. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `ALTER TABLE <table> DROP COLUMN "<column>" CASCADE;` </li><br /><li>Finally, recreate your views. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `CREATE VIEW <table-view> AS SELECT * FROM <table>;` </li></ol>  |
```

Ignore the columns having this format already.
Do we mean the deprecated table name format here?

> | Warehouse column names are not matching the destination views as the views are outdated. Recreate your views so that they point to the latest column names and then drop the older columns. Please use the queries in the documentation to drop the columns. | Your deprecated columns will be of the format `<column-name>-deprecated-<uuid>`. Follow these steps: <br /> <ol><li>Find the `<table>` and the `<column>` by querying your metadata tables. Ignore the columns having this format already. For example, in case of Redshift, your query will something like: <br /><br /> `select table_name, column_name from INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS where table_schema = '<schema>' and column_name like '%-deprecated-%';` </li><br /><li>Once you find the `<table>` and the `<column>`, drop the columns. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `ALTER TABLE <table> DROP COLUMN "<column>" CASCADE;` </li><br /><li>Finally, recreate your views again. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `CREATE VIEW <table-view> AS SELECT * FROM <table>;` </li></ol>  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Warehouse column names are not matching the destination views as the views are outdated. Recreate your views so that they point to the latest column names and then drop the older columns. Please use the queries in the documentation to drop the columns. | Your deprecated columns will be of the format `<column-name>-deprecated-<uuid>`. Follow these steps: <br /> <ol><li>Find the `<table>` and the `<column>` by querying your metadata tables. Ignore the columns having this format already. For example, in case of Redshift, your query will something like: <br /><br /> `select table_name, column_name from INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS where table_schema = '<schema>' and column_name like '%-deprecated-%';` </li><br /><li>Once you find the `<table>` and the `<column>`, drop the columns. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `ALTER TABLE <table> DROP COLUMN "<column>" CASCADE;` </li><br /><li>Finally, recreate your views. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `CREATE VIEW <table-view> AS SELECT * FROM <table>;` </li></ol>  |
```

Ignore the columns having this format already.
Do we mean the deprecated table name format here?

Author: yep! made a slight tweak to the sentence to convey this more clearly.

> | Warehouse column names are not matching the destination views as the views are outdated. Recreate your views so that they point to the latest column names and then drop the older columns. Please use the queries in the documentation to drop the columns. | Your deprecated columns will be of the format `<column-name>-deprecated-<uuid>`. Follow these steps: <br /> <ol><li>Find the `<table>` and the `<column>` by querying your metadata tables. Ignore the columns having this format already. For example, in case of Redshift, your query will something like: <br /><br /> `select table_name, column_name from INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS where table_schema = '<schema>' and column_name like '%-deprecated-%';` </li><br /><li>Once you find the `<table>` and the `<column>`, drop the columns. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `ALTER TABLE <table> DROP COLUMN "<column>" CASCADE;` </li><br /><li>Finally, recreate your views again. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `CREATE VIEW <table-view> AS SELECT * FROM <table>;` </li></ol>  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Warehouse column names are not matching the destination views as the views are outdated. Recreate your views so that they point to the latest column names and then drop the older columns. Please use the queries in the documentation to drop the columns. | Your deprecated columns will be of the format `<column-name>-deprecated-<uuid>`. Follow these steps: <br /> <ol><li>Find the `<table>` and the `<column>` by querying your metadata tables. Ignore the columns that have the deprecated column format already. For example, in case of Redshift, your query will something like: <br /><br /> `select table_name, column_name from INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS where table_schema = '<schema>' and column_name like '%-deprecated-%';` </li><br /><li>Once you find the `<table>` and the `<column>`, drop the columns. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `ALTER TABLE <table> DROP COLUMN "<column>" CASCADE;` </li><br /><li>Finally, recreate your views again. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `CREATE VIEW <table-view> AS SELECT * FROM <table>;` </li></ol>  |
```

> | Warehouse column names are not matching the destination views as the views are outdated. Recreate your views so that they point to the latest column names and then drop the older columns. Please use the queries in the documentation to drop the columns. | Your deprecated columns will be of the format `<column-name>-deprecated-<uuid>`. Follow these steps: <br /> <ol><li>Find the `<table>` and the `<column>` by querying your metadata tables. Ignore the columns that have the deprecated column format already. For example, in case of Redshift, your query will something like: <br /><br /> `select table_name, column_name from INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS where table_schema = '<schema>' and column_name like '%-deprecated-%';` </li><br /><li>Once you find the `<table>` and the `<column>`, drop the columns. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `ALTER TABLE <table> DROP COLUMN "<column>" CASCADE;` </li><br /><li>Finally, recreate your views again. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `CREATE VIEW <table-view> AS SELECT * FROM <table>;` </li></ol>  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Warehouse column names are not matching the destination views as the views are outdated. Recreate your views so that they point to the latest column names and then drop the older columns. Please use the queries in the documentation to drop the columns. | Your deprecated columns will be of the format `<column-name>-deprecated-<uuid>`. Follow these steps: <br /> <ol><li>Find the `<table>` and the `<column>` by querying your metadata tables. Ignore the columns that have the deprecated column format already. For example, in case of Redshift, your query will something like: <br /><br /> `select table_name, column_name from INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS where table_schema = '<schema>' and column_name like '%-deprecated-%';` </li><br /><li>Once you find the `<table>` and the `<column>`, drop the columns. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `ALTER TABLE <table> DROP COLUMN "<column>" CASCADE;` </li><br /><li>Finally, recreate your views. A sample Redshift query is shown below: <br /><br /> `CREATE VIEW <table-view> AS SELECT * FROM <table>;` </li></ol>  |
```
